Rita's Password Manager
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This program is written in C++ programming language4, C++ is a cross-platform language which signifies that it can be used on both Windows and Linux. It is a compiled language, this means that it needs more than a terminal to run, which leads to the necessity of a compiler. After compiling the source code file, it leads to the creation of an executable file that we have to run to execute the compiled code.

To use this application, the user is firstly greeted with a message stating, “Welcome to Rita’s Password Manager!”. If they are a new user, they choose (1) and if they are a returning user to the application they choose (2). 
Following their choice, after successfully signing up or logging in, they are presented with the menu of choices, encompassing all the possible actions of the application: viewing their stored passwords, adding a password to their keychain, updating one of their existing passwords, deleting one of their registered passwords or exiting the application.
If they choose to view their stored passwords, they are listed to them if they don’t have any store passwords, a message is displayed stating so. When choosing to add a password to their keychain, they must assign a label to any password that will be added, and the password could be generated by the application or entered by the user depending on their choice. To both update and delete any password, the program lists the registered values, the user then chooses which password by entering the label name and according to their choice the password is either changed or removed. Upon requesting to exit the application, the program recognizes the demand and asks the user to enter to exit the application.

Upon using this application, each user has a text file made with their credentials in the header, the program adds the passwords to this text file to be able to retrieve them if the user logs out and logs back in again. The program reads the credentials to identify that this is indeed a returning user and when a user asks to view their passwords the values are retrieved from this same text file.
The passwords are encrypted using a Caesar Cipher, shifting the values by a number of spaces ensuring that they are not stored in plain text.
